What are different ways to integrate a CSS into a Web page?

Explain external Style Sheet? How would you link to it?

What are the advantages and disadvantages of External Style Sheets?

What are the advantages and disadvantages of External Style Sheets?

What are the advantages and disadvantages of Inline Styles?

How can you eliminate the blue border around linked images on web page?

Describe various projects that you have developed or provided support for?

Tell me some issues you faced because of not following the w3c standards?

If you are asked to develop a travel booking portal having rich UI effects, what steps will you take?

What do you understand by DOM?

What do various javascript frameworks like DOJO, Jquery or Prototype help us in achieving?

What are the various tricks that you have followed to decrease the loading time of a website?

How will you detect the type and version of a browser?

What is the use of innerHTML property?

What steps will you take to invoke an EJB work flow using AJAX requests in a web application?

 Which is your favorite web browser for web application development? Why?
 
 What all features of HTML 5 are you aware of?
 
Will you consider the idea of creating one big JS or CSS file than smaller JS/CSS files in the production environment? What other optimization steps can you take in the production environment?

How do you usually get away with javascript errors in a web page?

What are the best practices for writing javascript code? Are you aware of JSON?

What is POST/REDIRECT/GETdesign pattern? What other design patterns have you used as a front end developer?

What is the difference in caching between HTML5 and the old HTML?

What are some of the major new API’s that come standard with HTML5?

Describe the difference between cookies, sessionStorage, and localStorage.
 
What purpose do web Workers serve and what are some of their benefits?
 
What is the difference between HTML5 interaction in Sencha and Twitter/Bootstrap?

What are data- attributes good for?

What are some new input attributes in HTML5?
 
What is the difference between SVG and <Canvas>?

What are the new image elements in HTML5?

What are the new media-related elements in HTML5?

What elements have disappeared?

What is the new DOCTYPE?

What are some new HTML5 markup elements?

What is the difference between <div> and <frame>?

What is “Semantic HTML?”

How do you optimize a website’s assets?

What are three ways to reduce page load time?

How do I combine multiple sheets into one?

What is the difference between class selector and ID selector?

Is there any provision to include one or more declaration in a selector?

How pseudo-classes are different from pseudo-elements?

How do you override the underlining of hyperlinks?

What is the purpose of Nesting Selectors?

What is the use of Media Types in CSS?

How can imported style sheets be linked? Explain with the help of an example?

What are the different provision provided in css to define the dimension of an element?

Explain the concept of the box model in css.

What is the purpose of the z-index?

and few more links shown below for reference

http://www.globalguideline.com/interview_questions/Questions.php?sc=Bootstrap

https://mindmajix.com/bootstrap-interview-questions

https://www.mockquestions.com/company/Bootstrap,+Inc./topquestions/
